feat: add new lacework_managed_policies resource (#516)
lacework/terraform-provider-lacework: website/docs/r/managed_policies.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Policies"
layout: "lacework"
page_title: "Lacework: lacework_managed_policies"
description: |-
  Manage Lacework Defined Policies
---

# lacework\_managed\_policies

> Use this resource to update the "enabled" and the "severity" property for Lacework defined policies.

Reviewer: @lacework-aaronscheiber Do you think you can help us reviewing this customer-facing doc?

> Use this resource to update the "enabled" and the "severity" property for Lacework defined policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this resource to update the "enabled" and the "severity" properties for Lacework-defined policies.
```

> Use this resource to update the "enabled" and the "severity" properties for Lacework-defined policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this resource to update the `state` (enabled/disabled) and the `severity` properties for Lacework-defined policies.
```

## Example Usage

> Create a lacework_managed_policies resource to manage three Lacework defined policies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a lacework_managed_policies resource to manage three Lacework-defined policies.
```

> Create a lacework_managed_policies resource to manage three Lacework-defined policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to manage three Lacework-defined policies.
```

```hcl
resource "lacework_managed_policies" "example" {
  policy {
    id       = "lacework-global-1"
    enabled  = true

>     severity = "high"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    severity = "High"
```

  }
  policy {
    id       = "lacework-global-2"
    enabled  = true

>     severity = "critical"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    severity = "Critical"
```

  }
  policy {
    id       = "lacework-global-10"

>     severity  = "Low"

Reviewer: enabled is required, this example is wrong
```suggestion
    severity  = "Low"
    enabled = true
```

add enabled and please format (align) this example code

  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

> The following arguments are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each `policy` block, the following arguments are supported:
```

> * `id` - (Required) The Lacework defined policy id.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `id` - (Required) The Lacework-defined policy id.
```

* `enabled` - (Required) Whether the policy is enabled or disabled.
* `severity` - (Optional) The list of the severities. Valid severities include:

>   `Critical`, `High`, `Medium`, `Low` and `Info`.

Reviewer: Do we have import instructions?

Author: Added the import instruction
